Hey.
What is Miss Shen Longjiang doing at the clubhouse?
My wife is going to relax, what's your business?
Get out and eat
Big husband
Baby Hmm
Who was the one chasing you that you just mentioned?
Wei Runiu, I drank too much and still remember it so clearly
Don't you still miss him, husband?
Husband, I feel bad.
Then I'll go home
But you have to remember
From now on
You can only have me in your heart
Can't be with other men anymore
Do you understand? I got it. I got it.
But you can't go to the clubhouse and be a duck anymore
You have to believe that your wife has the strength to support you
jealous
I don't care what I eat, call me jealous
But you
Can only be mine
coach
So you found a duck to make your home
What ghosts help the world
It's all disgrace